HHH-20516 document row-level security (#12667)
hibernate/hibernate-orm: migration-guide.adoc

that creating a Dog, both `postInsert(Animal)` and `postInsert(Dog)`._

[[row-level-security]]
=== Discriminator-Based Multi-Tenancy and Row-Level Security

> On databases with built-in support for row-level security, Hibernate now uses row-level security to enforce the visibility rules association with discriminator-based multi-tenancy.

Author: ```suggestion
On databases with built-in support for row-level security, Hibernate now uses row-level security to enforce the visibility rules implied by discriminator-based multi-tenancy.
```
